Add new feature to README.md file (#460)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator: README.md

* Scale up and down Hazelcast clusters
* Expose Hazelcast cluster to external
  clients ([Smart & Unisocket](https://docs.hazelcast.com/hazelcast/latest/clients/java#java-client-operation-modes))

> * User Code Deployment feature, which allows you to deploy custom and domain classes to Hazelcast members
> * External Backup to cloud storage with a possibility to schedule it and restore the data accordingly
> * WAN Replication feature when you need to synchronize multiple Hazelcast clusters, which are connected by WANs
> * Support the several data structure like Map, Topic, MultiMap, and ReplicatedMap
> * Executor Service and Entry Processor support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Backup Hazelcast persistence data to cloud storage with the possibility of scheduling it and restoring the data accordingly
* WAN Replication feature when you need to synchronize multiple Hazelcast clusters, which are connected by WANs
* User Code Deployment feature, which allows you to deploy custom and domain classes from cloud storages to Hazelcast members
* ExecutorService and EntryProcessor support 
* Support several data structures like Map, Topic, MultiMap, and ReplicatedMap, which can be created dynamically via specific Custom Resources.
* MapStore support for Map CR.
```

Author: Done ✅
